README.md, before:

SpookBot
=====
![LatestCommit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Spooki02/SpookBot?label=Last%20Commit&logo=GitHub)
![LatestRelease](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date-pre/Spooki02/SpookBot?label=Pre%20Release&logo=GitHub)
![RepoSize](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Spooki02/SpookBot?label=Size&logo=GitHub)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/635480321541931029?color=%235CA8FA&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/4a82kzPX3j)

Discord Bot built with JDA 5 ([Java Discord API](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA "GitHub Page of JDA")), written in Java for Windows.  
Basic Information will be in this README. For more specific questions or discussions, join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/4a82kzPX3j) 

## Features
Stream Audio via the "s!play [url]" command  
Inspect Discord User Profiles with "s!inspect [mentioned user]"


## Setup
Command Prefix is currently "s!"  
In order to work, this Bot needs a Token from the Developers Website of Discord.


## Roadmap

- Rework the README.md with more explanations.
- Add proper Kick, Timeout and Ban options.
- Add Survey Function.

Commit message:

Added a better Roadmap to README.md

README.md, after:

SpookBot
=====
![LatestCommit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Spooki02/SpookBot?label=Last%20Commit&logo=GitHub)
![LatestRelease](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date-pre/Spooki02/SpookBot?label=Pre%20Release&logo=GitHub)
![RepoSize](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Spooki02/SpookBot?label=Size&logo=GitHub)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/635480321541931029?color=%235CA8FA&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/4a82kzPX3j)

Discord Bot built with JDA 5 ([Java Discord API](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA "GitHub Page of JDA")), written in Java for Windows.  
Basic Information will be in this README. For more specific questions or discussions, join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/4a82kzPX3j) 

## Features
Stream Audio via the "s!play [url]" command  
Inspect Discord User Profiles with "s!inspect [mentioned user]"


## Setup
Command Prefix is currently "s!"  
In order to work, this Bot needs a Token from the Developers Website of Discord. At the moment, the Token must be manually placed in data.json file.


## Roadmap
#### Short term goals
- Work on the Swing GUI for better usability
- Automatically create the data.json
- Setup Screen on first Startup

#### Medium term goals
- Expand the functionality of Audio Streaming
- Implement Reddit Posts (If possible)
- Implement GitHub Updates (If possible)
- Implement custom Surveys for Communities
- Implement Slash Commands

#### Long term goals
- Rework the Code for better readability
